# Chapter 2: Chipotle and Intrigue

Cormac froze in the middle if his ransacked room. So far as he could tell, nothing in his room had
been taken, except that. His phone starts to vibrate in his pocket "10 minutes until work". Not
wanting to be late again, he is forced to leave. His foot is still aching on every step, but he
continues down stairs, and to his car.

He makes it to work just before 9 am, and limps past his boss's desk. Cormac makes an awkward nod
towards his boss as he passes, and heads off to his desk. He's a low level data entry 'specialist'
at Major Corporation Inc. so his job is not particularily secure. He can't stand the mind numbing
doldrum, but it's the only place he could find that would hire a community college dropout.

His body goes into autopilot as he obsesses in the back of his mind about his stolen MacGuffin. His
father had given it to him with one instruction. Never let it out of your sight. Cormac had kept it
in his pocket, or on his bedsite table every day since them. Even after his father went missing
several months later. He'd never really given much thought to what he had been holding on to all
these years, all he knew was that it was the last thing he had to remember his father by.

The hours passed slower than seemed possible, but eventually it came time for his 1:30 lunch break.
It was at this point that he realized that he had forgotten his lunch, and being strapped for cash,
he made the only logical decision. He would have to find his food the old fasioned way: forraging.
He limped casually towards the break room, all the while making sure that nobody was looking at him.
He passed several coworkers whose names he could never remember, but no one noticed him.

He finally reached the break room and that most holy of food sources: the refrigerator. With one
last look around the room, he opened the door and peeked inside. Let's see: sandwich, sandwich,
fried egg, some kind of beans, a-ha! chipotle burrito. "Is your name Dave?" it says in angry sharpie
letters. It is today.

He slips the burrito into his back pocket and pulls down his shirt to cover it. He wasn't sure who
Dave was, but his name sounded pretty familiar. Was Dave where all the tuesday chipotle came from?
Cormac never gave it much thought. He snuck out the front door while calling "grabbing lunch" in to
his boss. He walked across the street to the public park, and sat down at some benches out of view
of his office.

He peels open the delicious burrito goodness, and bites into it.

"Damn, that's spicy", he says through a mouth full of food, "if I didn't know any better, I'd think
this Dave guy is trying to scare me off"

No such luck for Dave today, after not eating for more than 16 hours, Cormac could handle any amount
of spice if it meant food. After finishing the burrito, he crumples up the foil and sticks it in his
pocket. He doesn't want to leave any evidence near the crime.

As he heads back into the office, he hears someone shouting from the direction of the break room.
Perhaps this is Dave. Cormac doesn't really want to think about it. He sits back down at his desk
and starts his mindless data entry anew. The final hours of the day pass without much incident,
despite being unable to get his MacGuffin out of his head.

He drives back home, parks next to his mom's car, and heads inside.

"Cormac! What happened? I've been worried sick about you!", his mom sits visibly distraught in the
kitchen.

"I was at work", he says sitting across from her.

"Work? What happened to your bedroom?"

"Someone broke in and stole my MacGuffin."

"God damnit Cormac, I knew you slept like the dead, but how could you sleep through a brick flying
through your window?"

He continued to tell her about what had happened that morning. His incident with the glass, sleeping
through his alarm, and his rush to leave for work. She seemed satisfied with his answers, if not
still quite upset.

"Go clean that mess!", she barked after him as he walked up the stairs.
